What is a film directed by Henry King starring John Hodiak and Gene Tierney. The film was adapted from the novel by John Hersey, which won the Pulitzer Prize in 1945. In his 1945 review of the film, Bosley Crowther wrote, "..?
A Bell for Adano     The Shocking Miss Pilgrim     Ladies in Love     The Three Musketeers 

What is an 1889 novel by American humorist and writer Mark Twain?
A Connecticut Yankee     The Littlest Rebel     Grand Canary     The Snake Pit 

What is a silent film. The film was controversial because of the sequences of what was regarded as superfluous nudity by the main character, Nydia, played by Australian swimming star Annette Kellerman?
A Daughter of the Gods    Song of the Islands     Call Her Savage     The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend 

What is any object or structure that creates a barrier or obstacle to control, block passage or force the flow of traffic in the desired direction?
Barricade     Song of the Islands     Call Her Savage     The Snake Pit 

What is a town square in the West End of London, England, in the City of Westminster. It was originally laid out in the mid 18th century by architect William Kent?
Berkeley Square     Tess of the Storm Country     Heidi     The Shocking Miss Pilgrim 

What is a Pre-Code drama film directed by John Francis Dillon and starring Clara Bow?
Call Her Savage     Crash Dive     Barricade     The Lights of New York 

What is a procession or parade on horseback, or a mass trail ride by a company of riders.  The focus of a cavalcade is participation rather than display; often, the participants do not wear costumes or ride in formation?
Cavalcade     Under Your Spell     Wing and a Prayer     The Cowboy and The Countess 

What is the fifth novel in the Charlie Chan series by Earl Derr Bigger?
Charlie Chan Carries On     Street Angel     Tail Spin     Dragonwyck 

What is a song co-written by David Bowie and Iggy Pop during their years in Berlin, first appearing on Pop's album The Idiot (1977)?
China Girl     Cameo Kirby     My Gal Sal     Man Trouble 

What is a 1945 Technicolor musical film starring Betty Grable, directed by George Seaton, and released by 20th Century Fox?
Diamond Horseshoe     Pilgrimage     The Black Swan     High Society Blues 

What is a small natural indentation in the flesh on a part of the human body, most notably in the cheek or on the chin?
Dimples     Captain January     This Above All     Yankee Senor 

What is a wicked or rebellious angel. The term is found neither in the Hebrew Bible nor the Deuterocanonical Books nor the New Testament?
Fallen Angel     Second Honeymoon     This Above All     Under Your Spell 

What is a point of entry or exi?
Gateway     Fifty Roads to Town     King of Burlesque     The Magnificent Dope 

What is the second most populous island of the Canary Islands, a Spanish archipelago, with a population of 838,397 which constitutes approximately 40% of the population of the archipelago?
Grand Canary     A Bell for Adano     Love Is News     Cleopatra 

What issued on that label's Tamla Records subsidiary label (T54073)?
Happy Landing     The Dolly Sisters     Sunny Side Up     The Littlest Rebel 

What is a Swiss work of fiction, originally published in two parts as Heidi's years of learning and travel () and makes use of what she has learned?
Heidi     The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes     Ramona     My Darling Clementine 

What is a film starring Janet Gaynor and Charles Farrell. The movie was written by Howard J?
High Society Blues     The Snake Pit     Little Miss Broadway     Green Grass of Wyoming 

What is an American professional wrestler. Bynum is best known for her stint in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the name Sojournor Bolt (or "Sojo Bolt" for short)?
Josette     That Wonderful Urge     Diamond Horseshoe     Miracle on 34th Street 

What is a romantic comedy film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Janet Gaynor, Constance Bennett and Loretta Young?
Ladies in Love     Captain from Castile     The Lights of New York     Gateway 

What are the laurel family, that includes the "True Laurel" and its closest relatives. The family comprises over 3000 species of flowering plants in over 50 genera world-wide?
Laura     The Pied Piper     Pilgrimage     East Lynne 

What is an American musical film. The only known footage to survive is a 12-minute fragment from the final reel in Multicolor at UCLA Film and Television Archive?
Married in Hollywood     A Daughter of the Gods    Liliom     Heidi 

What is a 1947 Christmas film written and directed by George Seaton and based on a story by Valentine Davies?
Miracle on 34th Street     The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend     Love Is News     Dragonwyck 

What is a 20th Century Fox musical starring Rita Hayworth and Victor Mature. The film is a biopic of 1890s composer and songwriter Paul Dresser and singer Sally Elliot?
My Gal Sal     China Girl     Sunrise     To the Shores of Tripoli 

What is a 1965 war film starring Frank Sinatra, Clint Walker, Tatsuya Mihashi, Tommy Sands and Brad Dexter?
None But the Brave     Delicious     The Black Swan     One in a Million 

What is a journey or search of  moral or spiritual significance. Typically, it is a journey to a shrine or other location of importance to a person's beliefs and faith, although sometimes it can be a metaphorical journey into someone's own beliefs?
Pilgrimage     The Cowboy and The Countess     Guadalcanal Diary     The Joy Girl 

What is a model whose mass-produced pictures see wide appeal as popular culture?
Pin Up Girl     Captain January     Guadalcanal Diary     Miracle on 34th Street 

What is an annual competitive and recreational gathering of a U.S. state's population, usually held in late summer or early fall?
State Fair     Happy Landing     Stowaway     A Connecticut Yankee 

What is a person who secretly boards a vehicle, such as an aircraft, bus, ship, cargo truck or train, to travel without paying and without being detected?
Stowaway     The Joy Girl     Wake Up and Dream     Crash Dive 

What is a seaport city (population ca. 497,000) in north-eastern Egypt, located on the north coast of the Gulf of (a branch of the Red Sea), near the southern terminus of the Canal, having the same boundaries as governorate?
Suez     Anna and the King of Siam     The Littlest Rebel     Footlight Serenade 

What is the instant at which the upper edge of the Sun appears over the eastern horizon in the morning?
Sunrise     Midnight     Miracle on 34th Street     That Lady in Ermine 

What is the common name for Cygnus atratus, an Australasian waterfow?
The Black Swan     In Old Chicago     None But the Brave     State Fair 

What areas from the end of World War II in 1945 until the end of the Cold War in 1991. The term symbolized efforts by the Soviet Union to block itself and its dependent and central European allies off from open contact with the west and non-communist areas?
The Iron Curtain     Berkeley Square     Happy Days     The Cowboy and The Countess 

What is an iconic literary term (currently transitioning into an archaic reference) originating in the early Victorian culture (1825–35) when horses still powered most machinery, excepting windmills and stationary steam engines, the term was common and popular in both British and North American literary articles?
The Iron Horse     Fifty Roads to Town     Barricade     Song of the Islands 

What is an American silent comedy film starring Olive Borden, and based on the novel of the same name by May Edginton?
The Joy Girl     Springtime in the Rockies     Sunny Side Up     The Lights of New York 

What is a 1942 comedy film. As a publicity stunt, a down-on-his-luck success school operator searches for the least promising man in America to take his course?
The Magnificent Dope     A Message to Garcia     Judge Priest     The Black Swan 

What is the subject of a legend concerning the departure or death of a great number of children from the town of Hamelin (Hameln), Lower Saxony, Germany, in the Middle Ages?
The Pied Piper     The Magnificent Dope     A Letter to Three Wives     The Song of Bernadette 

What is a novel by Alexandre Dumas, first serialized in March–July 1844. Set in the 17th century, it recounts the adventures of a young man named d'Artagnan after he leaves home to travel to Paris, to join the Musketeers of the Guard?
The Three Musketeers     Midnight     A Letter to Three Wives     Wing and a Prayer 

What is a novel by Eric Knight. It was adapted into an Academy Award winning movie in 194?
This Above All     The Iron Horse     In Old Arizona     Springtime in the Rockies 

What is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the fantasy television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997–2003) and the only one in the series performed as a musical?
Under Your Spell     Delicious     Hearts in Dixie     Tess of the Storm Country 

What is a swirling body of water produced by the meeting of opposing currents. The vast majority of whirlpools are not very powerful?
Whirlpool     High Society Blues     The Iron Curtain     Mother Wore Tights 

What is a black-and-white 1944 war film about the heroic crew of an American carrier in the desperate early days of World War II in the Pacific theater, directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Dana Andrews and Don Ameche?
Wing and a Prayer     The Story of Alexander Graham Bell     Bright Eyes     Stowaway 

What is a logic puzzle game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare. It is available in the Nintendo DSi Shop for 500 Nintendo DSi Points?
1001 Crystal Mazes Collection    Lonpos    THOG problem    MU puzzle

What is a logic puzzle which on first inspection seems to have insufficient information to solve, but which rewards those who persist and examine the puzzle critically?
Ages of Three Children puzzle    Logic maze    MindTrap    Heyawake

What is a binary-determination puzzle that was originally developed by Quadratic Games for the iPhone platform?
Atsumari     Sokoban    Str8ts    Isolate 

What is the capital of the Republic of Iraq, as well as the coterminous Baghdad Province. The population of Baghdad as of 2011 is approximately 7,216,040, making it the largest city in Iraq, the second largest city in the Arab World (after Cairo, Egypt), and the second largest city in Western Asia (after Tehran, Iran)?
Bag     Heyawake    Super Swap    Stained Glass 

What is a large armored warship with a main battery consisting of heavy caliber guns. During the late 19th and early 20th centuries the battleship was the most powerful type of warship, and a fleet of battleships was vital for any nation which desired to maintain command of the sea?
Battleship     Induction puzzles    Balance puzzle    Futoshiki

What is a logic puzzle that deals with four people, a bridge and a torch?
Bridge and torch problem    Trigon puzzle    Shikaku    Light Up

What is a logic puzzl?
Buchstabensalat     Bag     Four glasses puzzle    Ages of Three Children puzzle

What is an old code-breaking paper and pencil game for two players, predating the similar commercially marketed board game Mastermind?
Bulls and cows    Sudoku    THOG problem    1001 Crystal Mazes Collection

What is a single-player variation on the classic board game Clue, where a player is given a series of clues and must deduce where in the mansion each suspect should be and who is the killer?
Clue Suspects    Mutilated chessboard problem    Keisuke     Bulls and cows

What is a game that incorporates the popular Japanese number slotting game Sudoku with crossword puzzles?
Crosswordoku    Atsumari     KenKen    Truel

What is a type of logic puzzle published by many publishers.  Other published titles for the puzzle include Allied Occupation?
Fillomino    Sokoban    Logic maze    Nurikabe

What is a logic puzzle first publicised by Martin Gardner in his "Mathematical Games" column in the February 1979 edition of Scientific American?
Four glasses puzzle    Logic puzzle    Monkey and banana problem    Kuromasu

What is a binary-determination logic puzzl?
Goishi Hiroi    Super Swap    Train shunting puzzle    Keisuke 

What is a binary-determination logic puzzle published by Nikol?
Gokigen Naname    Survo puzzle    Kakuro    Logic puzzle

What is a type of logic puzzle published by Nikoli?
Hashiwokakero    Ages of Three Children puzzle    Light Up    Sudoku

What is a binary-determination logic puzzle published by Nikoli?
Heyawake    Lasertank    Lights Out     Slitherlink

What is a logic puzzle game invented by Dr. Gyora Benedek, an Israeli mathematician?
Hidato    Missionaries and cannibals problem    River crossing puzzle    Nonogram

What is a type of logic puzzle published by Nikoli?
Hitori    Heyawake    Four glasses puzzle    Light Up

What is a binary-determination logic puzzle published by Nikol?
Hotaru Beam    Goishi Hiroi    Gokigen Naname    Lights Out 

What are logic puzzles which are solved via the application of the principle of induction?
Induction puzzles    Takuzu    1001 Crystal Mazes Collection    Ripple Effect 

What is a type of logic puzzle published by Nikol?
Inshi no heya    Nikoli    Missionaries and cannibals problem    Navigrid

What is a French logic puzzle and a word puzzle on grid created in 2006 and inspired by Picross?
Izukirudo    Atsumari     Light Up    Mutilated chessboard problem

What is a kind of logic puzzle that is often referred to as a mathematical transliteration of the crossword?
Kakuro    Missing dollar riddle    Yajilin    Zebra Puzzle

What are trademarked names for a style of arithmetic and logic puzzle invented in 2004 by Japanese math teacher Tetsuya Miyamoto, who intends the puzzles to be an instruction-free method of training the brain?
KenKen    Nurikabe    1001 Crystal Mazes Collection    Truel

What is a puzzle that combines elements of sudoku and kakuro?
Killer sudoku    Fillomino    Mutilated chessboard problem    Light Up

What is a type of logic puzzl?
Knights and Knaves    Light Up    Goishi Hiroi    Str8ts

What is a binary-determination logic puzzle published by Nikoli. As of 2005, one book consisting entirely of  puzzles has been published by Nikoli?
Kuromasu    Ages of Three Children puzzle    Heyawake    Kuromasu

What is a computer puzzle game requiring logical thinking to solve a variety of levels?
Lasertank    Wason selection task    Lights Out     Knights and Knaves

What is a binary-determination logic puzzle published by Nikoli?
Light Up    Balance puzzle    Wason selection task    Train shunting puzzle

What is a binary determination puzzle published by Nikol?
LITS    The Hardest Logic Puzzle Ever    Lonpos    Wason selection task

What are logic puzzles with all the aspects of a tour puzzle that fall outside of the scope of a typical maze?
Logic maze    Nonogram    Knights and Knaves    Ages of Three Children puzzle

What is a puzzle deriving from the mathematics field of deductio?
Logic puzzle    Fillomino    Ages of Three Children puzzle    Robot Rescue

What is a type of logic puzzle designed and published by Nikoli?
Masyu    Mastermind     Ripple Effect     Light Up

What is a series of lateral thinking puzzle games played by two individuals or teams. Invented in Canada, it is the main product of   Games, Inc., who license the game for manufacture by various companies including Outset Media, Blue Opal, the Great American Puzzle Factory, Pressman Toy Corporation, Spears Games and Winning Moves?
MindTrap    Hidato    Goishi Hiroi    Keisuke 

What is a famous toy problem in artificial intelligence, particularly in logic programming and planning?
Monkey and banana problem    Goishi Hiroi    Logic puzzle    1001 Crystal Mazes Collection

What is a puzzle stated by Douglas Hofstadter and found in Gödel, Escher, Bach. As stated, it is an example of a Post canonical system and can be reformulated as a string rewriting system?
MU puzzle    Bridge and torch problem    Yajilin    MU puzzle

What is a tiling puzzle proposed by philosopher Max Black in his book Critical Thinking (1946)?
Mutilated chessboard problem    Hashiwokakero    Str8ts    MindTrap

What is a logic-based number-placement puzzle. The puzzler is provided with a set of movements which must be used to move between the numbers 1 to 9 in order starting with the number 1. A solved grid will contain each of the numbers 1 to 9. The puzzle setter provides a partially completed grid?
Navigrid    Wason selection task    Missing dollar riddle    Gokigen Naname

What is a Japanese publisher that specializes in games and, especially, logic puzzles?
Nikoli    Lasertank    Hotaru Beam    Futoshiki

What are picture logic puzzles in which cells in a grid must be colored or left blank according to numbers at the side of the grid to reveal a hidden picture?
Nonogram    Bridge and torch problem    Lasertank    Ripple Effect 

What is a type of logic puzzle involving finding paths to connect numbers in a gri?
Numberlink    Zebra Puzzle    Monkey and banana problem    Theseus and the Minotaur

What is a binary determination puzzle named for an invisible wall in Japanese folklore that blocks roads and delays foot travel?
Nurikabe    Goishi Hiroi    MU puzzle    Isolate 

What is a situation where, like the ever expanding ripples across water when an object is dropped into it, an effect from an initial state can be followed outwards incrementally?
Ripple Effect     Logic maze    Bag     Wason selection task

What is a type of transport puzzle in which the object is to carry items from one river bank to another?
River crossing puzzle    Sokoban    The Hardest Logic Puzzle Ever    Kakuro

What is a puzzle game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSi. It is available for download at the Nintendo DSi Shop for 200 Nintendo DSi Points?
Robot Rescue    Atsumari     Verbal arithmetic    Missionaries and cannibals problem

What is a village in County Offaly, Ireland.  It lies at the junction of the R491 regional road between Cloughjordan and Roscrea where it is joined by the R492.  According to the 2006 census the population is 591 persons?
Shinro    Takuzu    Goishi Hiroi    Super Swap

What is a logic puzzle developed by publisher Nikoli?
Slitherlink    Ripple Effect     Missing dollar riddle    Crosswordoku

What is a logic-based number-placement puzzle, invented by Jeff Widderich in 2008. It is distinct from, but shares some properties and rules with Sudoku?
Str8ts    Monkey and banana problem    Str8ts    Mastermind 

What is a logic-based, combinatorial number-placement puzzle. The objective is to fill a 9×9 grid with digits so that each column, each row, and each of the nine 3×3 sub-grids that compose the grid (also called "boxes", "blocks", "regions", or "sub-squares") contains all of the digits from 1 to 9. The puzzle setter provides a partially completed grid, which typically has a unique solution?
Sudoku    Bulls and cows    1001 Crystal Mazes Collection    Train shunting puzzle

What is an action puzzle game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare. It is available in the Nintendo DSi Shop for 500 Nintendo DSi Points?
Super Swap    Shikaku    Mutilated chessboard problem    Monkey and banana problem

What is a kind of logic puzzle presented (in April 2006) and studied by Seppo Mustone?
Survo puzzle    MU puzzle    Stained Glass     Shinro

What is a logic-based number placement puzzle. The objective is to fill a (usually 10×10) grid with 1s and 0s, where there is an equal number of 1s and 0s in each row and column and no more than two of either number adjacent to each other?
Takuzu    Missionaries and cannibals problem    Hashiwokakero    Ripple Effect 

What is a hexagonal tile-based abstract game invented by Mike McManaway from New Zealand.  Each of the 56 different tiles in the set contains three lines, going from one edge of the tile to another?
Tantrix    The Hardest Logic Puzzle Ever    Killer sudoku    Izukirudo

What is a type of logic puzzle designed and published by Nikoli. The puzzle is based on Japanese tatami mats?
Tatamibari    Numberlink    Lasertank    Tetsuya Miyamoto

What is a logic puzzle invented by American philosopher and logician George Boolos and published in The Harvard Review of Philosophy in 1996. A translation in Italian was published earlier in the newspaper La Repubblica, under the title L'indovinello più difficile del mondo?
The Hardest Logic Puzzle Ever    Buchstabensalat     MindTrap    Bag 

What is a type of logic maze designed by Robert Abbott. In this maze, the player acts as Theseus, the legendary king of Athens who is attempting to escape the Labyrinth?
Theseus and the Minotaur    Four glasses puzzle    Induction puzzles    Mutilated chessboard problem

What is one of Peter Wason's logic puzzles, constructed to show some of the weaknesses in human thinking?
THOG problem    Buchstabensalat     Inshi no heya    Isolate 

What is a type of transport puzzle?
Train shunting puzzle    Tetsuya Miyamoto    Goishi Hiroi    Buchstabensalat 

What are logic puzzles created by Alan Fraser-Dackers for Trigon Puzzles Ltd and are published on their own website and by Dell Magazines?
Trigon puzzle    Tatamibari    Truel    TuxMathScrabble

What is a neologism for a duel among three opponents, in which players can fire at one another in an attempt to eliminate them while surviving themselves?
Truel    Nurikabe    Wason selection task    Verbal arithmetic

What is a math version of the classic word game Scrabble (Trademark of Hasbro) which challenges kids to construct compound equations and to consider multiple abstract possibilities?
TuxMathScrabble    Atsumari     Hitori    LITS

What is a type of mathematical game consisting of a mathematical equation among unknown numbers, whose digits are represented by letters?
Verbal arithmetic    Battleship     Clue Suspects    Isolate 

What is a logic puzzle devised by Peter Cathcart Wason in 1966. It is one of the most famous tasks in the study of deductive reasoning?
Wason selection task    Logic puzzle    Kakuro    Logic puzzle

What is a type of logic puzzle published by Nikoli.  It has been published in English under the name Arrow Ring, such as in the 2005 U.S?
Yajilin    Nikoli    MindTrap    Keisuke 

What is a well-known logic puzzle. It is often called Einstein's Puzzle or Einstein's Riddle because it is said to have been invented by Albert Einstein as a boy; it is sometimes claimed that only 2% of the population can solve it?
Zebra Puzzle    Hitori    Logic puzzle    Navigrid