What is the capital and the second largest city of the United Arab Emirates in terms of population and the largest of the seven member emirates of the United Arab Emirates?
Abu Dhabi    Road Town    Juba    Yerevan

What is the capital city of Nigeria. It is located in the centre of Nigeria, within the Federal Capital Territory (FCT)?
Abuja    Astana    Niamey    Vientiane

What is the capital and largest city of Ghana, with an estimated urban population of 2,291,352 .  is also the capital of the Greater  Region and of the  Metropolitan District, with which it is coterminous?
Accra    Nuuk    Tunis    Tegucigalpa

What is the capital and largest city of Algeria?
Algiers    Riyadh    Suva    Quito

What is the capital of the Pacific Ocean island nation of Niue. With a population of 581 (census of 2006),  has the distinction of being the smallest national capital city in terms of population?
Alofi    Palikir    Riga    Yerevan

What is the capital and largest city of Jordan. It is the country's political, cultural and commercial centre and one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world?
Amman    Dhaka    Vilnius    Praia

What is the capital of the Principality of Andorra, and is located high in the east Pyrenees between France and Spain?
Andorra la Vella    Abu Dhabi    Bucharest    Santo Domingo

What is the capital and largest city in Madagascar?
Antananarivo    Monaco    Ulan Bator    Abuja

What is the capital and the largest city of Samoa. The city is located on the central north coast of Upolu, Samoa's second largest island?
Apia    Algiers    Ulan Bator    Accra

What is the capital and largest city of Turkmenistan, a country in Central Asia?
Ashgabat    Vienna    Singapore    Abu Dhabi

What is the capital city and largest settlement in Eritrea?
Asmara    Asmara    Windhoek    Basseterre

What is the country's second largest city (after Almaty, the former capital) with an officially estimated population of 775,800 as of 21 June 2012. It is located in the north portion of Kazakhstan, within Akmola Province, though administrated separately from the province as a federal city area?
Astana    Nicosia    Islamabad    Hargeisa

What is a town and district in the north of the island of Rarotonga, and is the national capital of the Cook Islands?
Avarua    Riyadh    Kuala Lumpur    Taipei

What is the capital of the Republic of Iraq, as well as the coterminous  Province. The population of  as of 2011 is approximately 7,216,040, making it the largest city in Iraq, the second largest city in the Arab World (after Cairo, Egypt), and the second largest city in Western Asia (after Tehran, Iran)?
Baghdad    Bratislava    Bandar Seri Begawan    Cairo

What is the capital and largest city of Azerbaijan, as well as the largest city on the Caspian Sea and of the Caucasus region?
Baku    Port Vila    Ulan Bator    Edinburgh

What is the capital and largest city of Mali, with a population of 1.8 million (2009 Census, provisional)?
Bamako    Malabo    Riyadh    Budapest

What is the capital and largest city of the Sultanate of Brunei?
Bandar Seri Begawan    Bridgetown    Hanoi    Tunis

What is the capital and the most populous city of Thailand. It is known in Thai as Krung Thep Maha Nakhon (, pronounced ) or simply ?
Bangkok    Praia    Apia    Zagreb

What is the capital of and the largest city in the Central African Republic. As of 2012 it had an estimated population of 734,350. Established by the French in 1889 as 'Bongai', which means 'rapids', it is the only capital in the world which is situated on a river that is an anagram of its name?
Bangui    Tbilisi    Hargeisa    Nouakchott

What is the capital of the Gambia, and is in the division of the same name?
Banjul    Montevideo    Singapore    Alofi

What is the capital of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies?
Basseterre    Pyongyang    Montevideo    Road Town

What is the capital of the People's Republic of China and one of the most populous cities in the world?
Beijing    Tallinn    Palikir    Maseru

What is the capital and largest city of Lebanon. As there has been no recent population census, the exact population is unknown; estimates in 2007 ranged from slightly more than 1 million to slightly less than 2 million?
Beirut    Gibraltar    Melekeok    Belgrade

What is the capital of, and largest city in, Northern Ireland. Most of  is in County Antrim, but parts of East and South  are in County Down?
Belfast    Warsaw    Ulan Bator    Caracas

What is the capital and largest city of Serbia. It is located at the confluence of the Sava and Danube rivers, where the Pannonian Plain meets the Balkans?
Belgrade    Hanoi    Honiara    Sofia

What is the capital city of Beliz?
Belmopan    Rome    Dili    Abu Dhabi