Who is a self-taught software engineer, game developer and entrepreneur most widely known as the co-creator of Endless Ages, a first person shooter MMOG combined with elements of role playing; thus making it the world's first MMOFPSRPG (massively-multplayer-online-first-person-shooter-role-playing-game), as it was heralded in its day?
Aaron Boucher    Thomas Peterffy    Jeff Raikes    Bruce Ableson

Who is an English television presenter, journalist and Watford FC support?
Adam Leventhal     Kingsley Uyi Idehen    Ken Arnold    Daniel Robbins

Who is an American software designer and programmer. Widely recognized as the “Father of Visual Basic," Cooper is also known for his books on About Face 3: The Essentials of Interaction Design and The Inmates Are Running the Asylum: Why High-Tech Products Drive Us Crazy and How to Restore the Sanity?
Alan Cooper    Alan Kay    Vern Paxson    Marc Andreessen

Who is one of the initiators of the agile movement in software development, helping write the Manifesto for Agile Software Development in 2001, the agile PM Declaration of Interdependence in 2005, and co-founding the [http://icagile.com International Consortium for Agile] in 2009 (with Ahmed Sidky and Ash Rofail)?
Alistair Cockburn    Aaron Boucher    Brian Eddy    Robert Fourer

Who is an American TV host, acclaimed fisherman, and web entrepreneur.  He is the founder and owner of Sound Strategies, Inc a leading NY based web services provider specializing in search engine optimization?
Andy LoCascio    David Maynard    Jim Gettys    Brian Eddy

Who is a software developer best known for her work with Drupal, a free and open source content management system and content management framework?
Angela Byron    Dave Hyatt    Ken Schwaber    Robert Abbott 

Who is an American  interface designer. He is the son of human-computer interface expert Jef Raskin?
Aza Raskin    Ronald Dale Harris    Chris Roberts     Gary Martin 

Who is a computer scientist and software researcher.  He retired from IBM's Thomas J?
Barry Leiba    Aaron Swartz    Mark Jason Dominus    William Clinger 

Who is a Taiwanese-born American and Canadian computer programmer and entrepreneur?
Ben Chiu    Ilya Zhitomirskiy    Deepen Shah    Michael Holve

Who is an author and Senior Technical Evangelist for Adobe Systems, particularly ColdFusion and Flex, and the owner of EmTek Systems?
Ben Forta    Molly Holzschlag    Mike Filsaime    Scott Seebass

Who is a co-founder (with ex-wife Mena Trott) of Six Apart, creator of Movable Type and TypePad?
Benjamin Trott    Jim Kent    Stu Moment    Doug Bell

Who is an American business magnate, investor, programmer, inventor and philanthropist?
Bill Gates    Alan Kay    Danese Cooper    Wayne Chang

Who is an American computer scientist.  Joy co-founded Sun Microsystems in 1982 along with Vinod Khosla, Scott McNealy and Andreas von Bechtolsheim, and served as chief scientist at the company until 2003. He played an integral role in the early development of BSD UNIX while a graduate student at Berkeley, and he is the original author of the vi text editor?
Bill Joy    Jeremy Sagan    Biz Stone    Donald Knuth

Who is an American software engineer best known for creating and maintaining Tux Paint, an open source bitmap graphics editor for children?
Bill Kendrick    Eric Haines    John Draper    Tom Lane 

Who is a computer programmer, owner of Wholly Genes Software, and creator of The Master Genealogist, genealogy software?
Bob Velke    Jeff Sutherland    Lois Haibt    Brendan Eich

Who is an American programmer. He is best known as the creator of LiveJournal and is the author of a variety of free software projects such as memcached and OpenID?
Brad Fitzpatrick    Bill Kendrick    Tim Stryker    Deepen Shah

Who is an American computer programmer, best known as the author of the peer-to-peer (P2P) BitTorrent protocol, as well as the first file sharing program to use the protocol, also known as BitTorrent?
Bram Cohen    Bill Joy    Grace Hopper    Christopher Abad

Who is an inventor and founder of several network technology companies whose well known products include PIX Firewall, the first stateful-inspection firewall and Cisco Systems first load-balancer, LocalDirector?
Brantley Coile    Ward Cunningham    Alistair Cockburn    Bill Gates

Who is an American computer programmer and creator of the JavaScript scripting language?
Brendan Eich    Dominic Giampaolo    Thomas Peterffy    Donald Knuth

Who is the publisher and editor of The Perl Review, a magazine devoted to Perl and co-author of several books on Perl including Learning Perl and Intermediate Perl?
Brian d foy    Larry Kaplan    Daniel Kottke    Elliot Koffman

Who is an American computer programmer and designer. He works at Midway Games, and his completed designs include several of the most popular and influential pinball machines of the 1990s, including Attack From Mars, Medieval Madness?
Brian Eddy    Rodnay Zaks    Gordon Eubanks    Ben Chiu

Who is an American computer programmer and website developer?
Bruce Ableson    Aza Raskin    Michael Deering    Brantley Coile

Who is Board Chair of the International Society for Inconsistency Robustness. He has been a Visiting Professor at Stanford University and the University of Keio?
Carl Hewitt    Lois Haibt    Lukas Biewald    Larry Wall

Who is a Democratic member of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors; representing the Hunter Mill district, which includes the town of Reston?
Cathy Hudgins    Kingsley Uyi Idehen    Alan Kay    Pito Salas

Who is a Professor of Software Engineering at Florida Institute of Technology, and the Director of Florida Tech's Center for Software Testing Education & Research (CSTER) since 2004.  He is perhaps best known outside academia as an advocate of software usability and software testing?
Cem Kaner    Eric Allman    Shawn Bayern    Larry Kaplan

Who is a Hungarian-American computer software executive who, as head of Microsoft's application software group, oversaw the creation of Microsoft's flagship Office suite of applications?
Charles Simonyi    Jeff Atwood    Thomas Peterffy    Delon Dotson