What is the body part that forms the supporting structure of an organism?
Skeleton     Rallying    Unicycle hockey    Knife throwing

What is a sport in which skiers go down a take-off ramp, jump and attempt to land as far as possible down the hill below?
Ski flying    Bottle pool    Association football    Rapid ball

What is a sport in which skiers go down a take-off ramp, jump and attempt to land as far as possible down the hill below?
Ski jumping    Pall mall     Mountaineering    Speed golf

What is an activity where long distances are covered on skis. Typically touring is done on trails which are not maintained, and without any mechanical lifts to get up hills?
Ski touring    Rock racing    Coastal and ocean rowing    Ssireum

What is a winter sport which combines elements of skating, snowboarding, and skiing. Skiboards are used and worn in conjunction with standard ski boots that connect to the skiboards with use of a binding?
Skiboarding    Benchpress    Powered paragliding    Freestyle snowboarding

What is a winter sport  The actual picture used is not at all a skibob. It is a Lenz Sport Ski Bike in which the user does not use foot skis?
Skibob    Knattleikr    Finswimming    ATV Racing

What is a winter sport  The actual picture used is not at all a skibob. It is a Lenz Sport Ski Bike in which the user does not use foot skis?
Skibobbing    Bungee jumping    Skeet shooting    Figure skating

What is a winter sport where a person on skis is pulled by a horse, a dog (or dogs) or a motor vehicle?
Skijoring    Indoor American football    Royaking    Medley swimming

What is a boardsport in which a skimboard (a smaller counterpart to a surfboard without fins) is used to glide across the water's surface?
Skimboarding    Sandboarding    Sanshou    Deer hunting

What is a type of scoring for various sports, most notably golf but also for disc golf, curling and bowling?
Skins game    Butts Up    Streetboarding    Dodge disc

What is a type of skydiving in which the skydiver wears a board attached to his or her feet and performs surfing-style aerobatics during freefall?
Skysurfing    Freestyle slalom skating    Track cycling    International rules football

What is a practice in balance that typically uses nylon or polyester webbing tensioned between two anchor points?
Slacklining    Aikido    Cutthroat     Butterfly stroke

What is a form of basketball played with 4 trampolines in front of each net. It is played "full contact" and has boards around the court?
Slamball    Shooting sports    Ultimate     Combine racing

What is a type of winter sporting event where the goal is to perform the most difficult tricks while getting the highest amplitude off of jumps, with an emphasis on performing different types of tricks instead of doing one great trick repeatedly?
Slopestyle    Fullbore target rifle    Spongee    Vintage racing

What is a variant of baseball played with a larger ball on a smaller field. It was invented in 1888 in Chicago as an indoor game, it was at various times called indoor baseball, mush ball, playground, softbund ball, kitten ball, and, because it was also played by women, ladies' baseball?
Slow Pitch    Duathlon    Western Pleasure    Wingsuit flying

What is one of the two olympic weightlifting events (the other being the clean and jerk?
Snatch     Military Service Rifle    Dressage    Skibobbing

What is a cue sport based on snooker. The variant was created by Joe Davis, who added an orange ball (8 points) and a purple ball (10 points) to the set?
Snooker plus    Campdrafting    Deadlifting    Drag boat racing

What is an outdoor winter sport where people use kite power to glide on snow or ice?
Snow kiting    Ice yachting    ITHF table hockey    Shaolin kung fu

What is a winter sport that involves descending a slope that is covered with snow while standing on a board attached to a rider's feet, using a special boot set onto a mounted binding?
Snowboarding    Model aircraft    Freestyle scootering    Rally Raid

What is an outdoor winter sport where people use kite power to glide on snow or ice?
Snowkiting    Woggabaliri    Skee ball    Sea kayaking

What is footwear for walking over the snow. Snowshoes work by distributing the weight of the person over a larger area so that the person's foot does not sink completely into the snow, a quality called "flotation"?
Snowshoeing    Tent pegging    Keep Away    Bar billiards

What is the brand name for shoes made for grinding. They were introduced by Chris Morris of Artemis Innovations Inc?
Soap shoes    Touch rugby    Hooverball    Steeplechase 

What is a department store chain that operates an extensive network of branches in Japan?
Sogo     Bicycle polo    Basketball    Tetherball

What is an ancient method of fishing that has been used throughout the world for millennia. Early civilizations were familiar with the custom of spearing fish from rivers and streams using sharpened sticks?
Spearfishing    One Day International	    Judo    Silat

What is a sport which involves playing a round of golf in the lowest possible sum of strokes and time?
Speed golf    Double disc court    Pankration    Obstacle variations

What is a solitary pool game.  As its name suggests, one  all the pool balls on the table as quickly as possible?
Speed pool    Kart racing    Four square    Sack race

What is a competitive form of ice skating in which the competitors race each other in traveling a certain distance on skates?
Speed skating    Stock car racing    Clean and jerk    Roller hockey

What is the sport of skiing downhill in a straight line as quickly as possible. It is one of the fastest non-motorized sports on land?
Speed skiing    Cowboy     Balance beam     Sprint 

What is the activity of solving a Rubik's Cube or related puzzle as quickly as possible?
Speedcubing    Flag football    English public school football games    Cubbies

What is a cult sport played almost exclusively in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada by thousands of players in dozens of leagues?
Spongee    Drifting     Rallycross    Snatch 

What is the ability to perform continuously complex and high-intensity movement patterns to music—which originates from traditional aerobics—with a high degree of perfectly executed elements of difficulty?
Sport aerobics    Roller hockey     Bodyboarding    Iaijutsu

What is a form of rock climbing that relies on permanent anchors fixed to the rock, and possibly bolts, for protection?
Sport climbing    Clout archery    Australian football    Bumper pool

What is a type of diving that uses SCUBA equipment for the purpose of leisure and enjoyment?
Sport diving     Gatka    Grass Track    Underwater orienteering

What is an individual and team sport that involves stacking specialized plastic cups in specific sequences in as little time as possible?
Sport stacking    Underwater rugby    Canadian football    Netball

What is a form of clay pigeon shooting, often described as "golf with a shotgun" because a typical course includes from 10 to 15 different shooting stations laid out over natural terrain?
Sporting clays    Artistic billiards    Rope climbing    Horseball